- [Instructor] So now let's run
the OrderServer that we wrote
This should start the server on 50052
as we have written the code.
Yeah, so the OrderServer has started.
Let's also make sure that we have multiple records
for a particular user ID,
so I'm going to just double check that.
Okay, so we have one record.
We have just one record for the user ID 5,
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to quickly add one more
so that we have multiple records.
So let's increment the order ID,
the user ID remains the same.
We can change the number of items,
we can change the amount,
and we can change this date too, okay.
So what we will do is, if you look right up,
we have used this Chandler's username before to
retrieve the user details.
We're going to pick this user ID, which is five,
and we're going to retrieve orders,
and we know that in the order stable
we have two records for the user ID five.
Okay, so our orders already started,
let's go to BloomRPC,
and I'm going to add the proto file
for order.proto this time,
which is this one,
and let's open them a tad,
let's also make sure that this port is 50052 this time.
So I'm going to say, user ID is five and let's run this.
And we just get one order, yeah,
but that is because we haven't restarted the server,
so I'm just going to restart the Order Server
for the database script to take effect.
Yeah, so the Order Server has restarted,
now we should get both the orders for the user Id.
There we go.
So we have two orders that we had for user ID five,
we have been able to successfully retrieve them,
so this actually completes the order service,
but the next part of this module
is going to be to connect the order
and the user services together.
So the result that we got in BloomRPC
is the couple of orders.
Feel free, please, to go ahead
and insert as many values as you want in the database
with the script that is already provided to you
in order to have the result tested for multiple orders.
There is another thing to note off in this response
that we've received,
We're trying to look at the order date in the order data.
This is how Protobuf represents the timestamp format.
It'll give you the total number of whole seconds
from epoch and the remaining amount in nanoseconds.
We got to this value by transforming the Java.util date
to the time stamp type by using the timestamps utility
inside the service implementation class.